README.md, before:

![build](https://github.com/WonderlandEngine/wonderland-engine-examples/actions/workflows/github-pages.yml/badge.svg)

# Wonderland Engine Examples

Repository of official examples for [Wonderland Engine](https://wonderlandengine.com),
development platform for VR, AR and 3D on the web.

## License

The code and `.wlp` files in this repository are licensed under the MIT License
(use for commercial purposes, no warranty, attribution required).

The assets (images, 3D models, audio files) underly individual licenses,
please check the respective examples.

## Examples

Find a list of all examples below, you can find them live in the [Wonderland Engine Showcase](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase).

### animation

Simple example of how to play animations from a GLTF file on click interaction.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/animation/)

### ar-cursor

Simple setup for a mobile AR cursor that uses world intersections for placement.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/ar-cursor/)

### collision

Simple example of how to query collider overlaps.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/collision/)

### custom-shader

Example of a custom shader for fake reflections.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/custom-shader/)

### hand-tracking

Simple example of how to set up hand tracking for the Meta Quest / Meta Quest 2

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/hand-tracking/)

### hand-tracking-mesh

Simple example of hand tracking with a skinned hand mesh for the Meta Quest / Meta Quest 2.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/hand-tracking-mesh/)

### height-map

Demonstrates runtime mesh generation through the JavaScript API.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/height-map/)

### matcap-shader

Simple implementation of a matcap shader with various materials.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/matcap-shader/)

### materials

Demonstrates built-in materials and pipeline features.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/materials/)

### mesh-particles

A basic implementation of particles as custom JavaScript component.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/mesh-particles/)

### normal-maps

Example showing off Normal Map support.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/normal-maps/)

### physics

Simple demonstration of Physics via PhysX in Wonderland Engine.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/physics/)

### scene-optimization

Example of automatic optimization of a draw-call heavy scene.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/scene-optimization/)

### skinning

Simple example of skinning in Wonderland Engine.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/skinning/)

### smoke-particles

Example of how to set up a basic smoke particle effect.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/smoke-particles/)

### sponza

A classic in graphics programming.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/sponza/)

### teleport

Implementation of a teleport mechanic.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/teleport/)

### text

Simple example of how to set up text rendering.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/text/)

### video

Simple demo of a video texture.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/video/)

Commit message:

playbook-xr: Add initial example
Signed-off-by: Squareys <squareys@googlemail.com>

README.md, after:

![build](https://github.com/WonderlandEngine/wonderland-engine-examples/actions/workflows/github-pages.yml/badge.svg)

# Wonderland Engine Examples

Repository of official examples for [Wonderland Engine](https://wonderlandengine.com),
development platform for VR, AR and 3D on the web.

## License

The code and `.wlp` files in this repository are licensed under the MIT License
(use for commercial purposes, no warranty, attribution required).

The assets (images, 3D models, audio files) underly individual licenses,
please check the respective examples.

## Examples

Find a list of all examples below, you can find them live in the [Wonderland Engine Showcase](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase).

### animation

Simple example of how to play animations from a GLTF file on click interaction.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/animation/)

### ar-cursor

Simple setup for a mobile AR cursor that uses world intersections for placement.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/ar-cursor/)

### collision

Simple example of how to query collider overlaps.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/collision/)

### custom-shader

Example of a custom shader for fake reflections.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/custom-shader/)

### hand-tracking

Simple example of how to set up hand tracking for the Meta Quest / Meta Quest 2

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/hand-tracking/)

### hand-tracking-mesh

Simple example of hand tracking with a skinned hand mesh for the Meta Quest / Meta Quest 2.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/hand-tracking-mesh/)

### height-map

Demonstrates runtime mesh generation through the JavaScript API.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/height-map/)

### matcap-shader

Simple implementation of a matcap shader with various materials.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/matcap-shader/)

### materials

Demonstrates built-in materials and pipeline features.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/materials/)

### mesh-particles

A basic implementation of particles as custom JavaScript component.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/mesh-particles/)

### normal-maps

Example showing off Normal Map support.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/normal-maps/)

### playbook-xr

Very basic example of import of UI exported from [Playbook XR](https://www.playbookxr.com/).

[View Live](https://static.wonderlandengine.com/examples/playbook-xr.html)

### physics

Simple demonstration of Physics via PhysX in Wonderland Engine.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/physics/)

### scene-optimization

Example of automatic optimization of a draw-call heavy scene.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/scene-optimization/)

### skinning

Simple example of skinning in Wonderland Engine.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/skinning/)

### smoke-particles

Example of how to set up a basic smoke particle effect.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/smoke-particles/)

### sponza

A classic in graphics programming.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/sponza/)

### teleport

Implementation of a teleport mechanic.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/teleport/)

### text

Simple example of how to set up text rendering.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/text/)

### video

Simple demo of a video texture.

[View Live](https://wonderlandengine.com/showcase/video/)
